Kokiri Sword
This is a hidden treasuer of the Kokiri, but you can borrow it for a while. Be sure to practice with it before you really fight!

Blue Rupee
That's five Rupees!

Green Rupee
That's one Rupee!

Recovery Heart
Your life energy is recovered!

Deku Shield Shop
Once equipped, you can defend with R. If set on fire, it will burn!

Deku Seed Shop
You can use them as bullets for your Slingshot. You can't buy them unless you have a Slingshot.

Arrow Shop
You need a bow to shoot them. You can't buy them unless you have a bow.

Recovery Heart Shop
This will instantly refill one Heart Container.

Deku Nuts Shop
Throw them to stun your enemies. You can carry only a limited amount of them.

Deku Sticks Shop
A long branch gathered from the Great Deku Tree. You can use it as a weapon, but it will break.

Deku Shield
You got a Deku Shield! Switch to the Equipment Subscreen and select the shield. Press A to equip it.
Press R to crouch and defend. If you press R while Z Targeting, you can move while defending.

Deku Stick
You got a Deku Stick! On the Select Item Subscreen, you can set it to C-L, C-D or C-R. Set it ot C and swing it with C!
When you want to put it away, stand still and press A. You can carry up to 10 sticks, but don't waste them.

Deku Nuts
You got a Deku Nut! On the Select Item Subscreen, you can set it to C-L, C-D or C-R. Set it ot C and
try throwing it! It will flash and stun the enemy!

Deku Baba (withered)
Though it looks witheredm it will hurt you if you touch it!

Deku Baba
Hit it when it lunges at you, and it will stand upright. Cut it quickly to get a Deku Stick!

Skullwalltula
Be careful not to touch it!

Dungeon Map
You found the Dungeon Map! Press START to get into the Subscreens and look at the Map SubScreen!
Blue Chambers are places you have already visited. Your current location is the flashing room.
Move the stick up and down to select a floor to view.

Deku Scrub
It will hide in the grass if you get close to it. Bounce the nuts it spits back at it!

Fairy Slingshot
You found the Fairy Slingshot! On the Select Item Subscreen, you can set it to C-L, C-D or C-R.
Press C to take it out and hold it. As you hold C you can aim with the stick. Release C to unleash
a Deku Seed.
If you want to shoot right away, when you first press C, hold down C a little longer to get a seed ready.

Big Skulltula
Its soft belly is its weak point!

Compass
You found the Compasss! Now you can see the locations of many hidden things in the dungeon!

Gold Skulltula Token
You destroyed a Gold Skulltula.
You got a token proving you destroyed it!

Gohma Larva
Look out when it gets ready to pounce!

Gohma
Parasitic Armored Arachnid
It's one of the parasitic monsters inside the Deku Tree! Its eye is vulnerable when it's red!

Heart Container
You got a Heart Container!
Your maximum life energe is increased by one heart. Your life energy will be totally filled.

Kokiri Emerald
You got the Kokiri's Emerald!
This is the Spiritual Stone of the Forest, now entrusted to you by the Great Deku Tree.

Fairy Ocarina
You received the Fairy Ocarina!
This is a memento from Saria. Set it to C and press C to start playing it!
On the Select Item Subscreen, you can set it to C-L, C-D or C-R, and then use that C to start playing it.
You can play different notes with A and the four C Buttons. Press B to quit playing, or to start yorusong over again.

Deku Seeds
You got Deku Seeds!
These are small, hard seeds that you can use as bullets for your Slingshot.

Deku Sticks Upgrade
Now you can pick up many Deku Sticks! You can carry up to 20 of them.

Deku Seeds Bullet Bag
You got a Deku Seeds Bullet Bag. This bag can hold up to 40 slingshot bullets.

Business Scrub
If you get close to it, it will hide in the grass...

Hylian Shield Shop
This is a big, heavy shield just like the ones Hylian Knights use. It can stand up to flame attacks!

Hylian Shield
You got a Hylian Shield!
Switch to thhe Equipment Subscreen and select this shield, then equip it with A.

Bombs Shop
Take it out with C and press C again to throw it. You can't buy them without a bomb bag.

Green Potion Shop
Drink to recover your magic power. This is just a single dose.

Red Potion Shop
Drink it to recover your life energy. This is just a single dose.

Fairy's Spirit Shop
You need an emtpy bottle to put it in. Don't go into battle without it!

Blue Fire Shop
You need an empty bottle to put it in. Use it to feel refreshing coolness.

Bottle Bug Shop
You need an empty bottle to put it in. It looks liks just an ordinary bug...

Fish Shop
Just caught and so fresh! You can keep it in a bottle.

Poe Shop
This is a bottled ghost spirit. Sell it to someone who is crazy about weird things like this.

Weird Egg
Feels like there's something moving inside! Set it to C and see what happens!
On the Select Item Subscreen, you set it to C-L, C-D or C-R, and then press C to use it.

Chicken
Look! A chicken hatched from the egg you were incubating! It's the miracle of life!

Zelda's Letter
You received Zelda's Letter!
Wow! This letter has Princess Zelda's autograph! Set it to C and show it with C.
On the Select Item Subscreen, you can set it to C-L, C-D or C-R, and the use that C to show it to people.

Zelda's Lullaby
You've learned Zelda's Lullaby!

Empty Bottle
You got an Empty Bottle!
After you put sometihng in this bottle, set it to C when you want to use the item inside.

Bug
You put a Bug in the bottle! You can release it by pressing C. THis kind of bug prefers to live in small holes in the ground.

Piece of Heart
You got a Piece of Heart! Collect four pieces total to get another Heart Container. More containers mean more life energy!
You got a Piece of Heart! So far, you've collected two pieces. With two more pieces, you will gain more life energy!
You got a Piece of Heart! Now you've collected three pieces! With another piece, your life energy weill be powered up!
You got a Piece of Heart! You've completed another Heart Container! Your maximum life energy is increased!

Fish
You got a Fish! Use it with C and something might happen... It looks so fresh and delicious!
On the Select Item Subscreen, you can set it to C-L, C-D or C-R, and the press that C to use it.

Adult's Wallet
You got an Adult's Wallet! Adults are allowed to carry a lot of money. Now you can hold up to 200 Rupees.

Red Tektite
Lock on to it as it jumps with Z Targeting!

Poe
If you stare at it with Z Targeting, it will disappear...
Damage - 2/4

Poe in a bottle
You caught a Poe.

Poe of the graveyard
Poe of the graveyard? If you stare at it with Z Targeting, it will disappear...

Keese
When you get close to it, use Z Targeting. Even if it flies away, you can still target it.
Damage - 2/4

ReDead
Its gaze will paralyze you. If it bites you, tap any button to escape!
Damage - 1/4 (Damage over time)

Sun's Song
Restless souls wander where they don't belong, bring them calm with the Sun's Song.

Stalchild
Don't be afraid of the Stalchild! Just attack it repeatedly!
Damage - 1/4

Lon Lon Milk
You got Lon Lon Milk! This milk is very nutritious! Use it with C to recover your life energy! 
You will recover five hearts per drink. There are two drinks per bottle.
On the Select Item Subscreen, set it to C-L, C-D or C-R, and then use that C to take a drink.

Epona's Song
You've learned Epona's Song!

Guay
Destroy it before it flies into you.
Damage - 2/4

Goron Tunic
A tunic made by Gorons. Adult size. Protects you from heat damage.

Wolfos
Draw it close to you and watch its movement carefully! Attack it when it drops its guard!
Damage - 1/4

Mad Scrub
If you get close to it, it will hide in the grass...
Damage - 2/4

Saria's Song
You've learned Saria's Song!

Fairy
You caught a Fairy in a bottle!
On the Select Item Subscreen, you can set it to C-L, C-D or C-R.
This tiny fairy is a reliable partner who will revive you the moment you run out of life energy.
Once you set it to C, though, you can ask for its help anytime.

Goron's Bracelet
You got the Goron's Bracelet!
Now you can pull up Bomb Flowers. Stand next to one and use A to pull it up!

Beamos
Watch out for its searching beam! I bet it doesn't like smoke to get in its eye!
Damage - 4/4

Baby Dodongo
Watch out for its leaping attack! It will explode after it's defeated!
Damage - 2/4, 2/4

Lizalfos
Use your shield well and fight with Z Targeting techniques!
Damage - 2/4

Dodongo
Watch out for its fiery breath! Use Z Targeting techniques!
Damage - 4/4

Fire Keese
Destroy it before it flies into you! If you don't, its flames will burn up your Deku Shield!
Damage - 2/4

Armos
Stop its movement and then destroy it!
Damage - 2/4

Red Dupee!
You got a Red Rupee! That's twenty Rupees!

Bomb Bag
You found a Bomb Bag! This bomb-holdikng bag is made from a Dodongo's stomach!
You found 20 Bombs inside! Now you can set Bombs to C and blow stuff up! What a lucky guy!

King Dodongo
Infernal Dinosaur
This is a huge Dodongo that eats anything! Give it a shock, and finish it off with your sword!
Damage - 2/4

Goron's Ruby
You obtained the Goron's Ruby! This is the Spiritual Stone of Fire passed down by the Gorons!

Magic Meter
You mastered the secret sword technique of the Spin Attack!
Hold B to charge your weapon! Release B to unleash a wave of energy with your spin!
If you want to release energy without charging your weapon, just rotate the stick once and press B for a very effective quick spin!

Magic Jar
You got a Magic Jar! Your Magic Meter is filled!

Magic Bean
You got a Magic Bean! Find a suitable spot for a garden and plant it with C. Then, wait for something fun to happen!
On the Select Item Subscreen, you can set it to C-L, C-D or C-R, and then use that C to plant it.

Octorok
Bounce back the rocks they spit at you!
Damage - 2/4

Blue Tektite
It's hard to beat on the water. Lure in onto the land!
Damage - 2/4

Zora Tunic Shop
A tunic made by Zoras. Adult size. Prevents you from downing underwater.

Silver Scale
You got the Silver Scale! Jump into the water and press A. You can dive deeper than you could before.

Ruto's Letter
You got an Empty Bottle! Put something inside and press C to use it... What? Something's already inside!?

Peahat Larve
Defend with your shield!
Damage - 4/4

Peahat
Its weak point is its roots!
Damage - 4/4

Farore's Wind
You got Farore's Wind! This is warp magic you can use with C. Warp when you are in danger!
You will teleport to the Warp Point. When you first use the magic, you will create a Warp Point.
When you use the magic again, you can either dispel the Warp Point, you created last time or warp to that point.

Shabom
If you try to cut it, it will bounce off your blade!
Damage - 1/4

Biri
If you touch it, you will be electrocuted!
Damage - 2/4

Bari
If you touch it, you will be electrocuted!
Damage - 2/4

Stinger
Destroy if before it flies into you!
Damage - 2/4

Tailpasaran
Its tail is its weak point!
Damage - 2/4

Boomerang
You found the Boomerang! On the Select Item Subscreen, you can set it to C-L, C-D or C-R.
Press C to use it to attack distant enemies!

Parasitic Tentacle
It seems that the narrow part is its weak point... You need a particular item to destroy it!
Damage - 1/4

Bitocto
Attack it from behind!
Damage - 2/4

Barinade
Bio-electric Anemone
Many parasitic jellyfish swarm around this monster. Aim for its body, protected by jellyfish!
Damage - 1/4

Zora's Sapphire
You obrtained Zora's Sapphire! This is the Spiritual Stone of Water passed down by the Zoras!

Ocarina of Time
You found the Ocarina of Time! This is the Royal Family's hidden treasure which Zelda left behind. It glows with a mystical light...

Song of Time
You've learned the Song of Time!

Bombchu
You got Bombchu! On the Select Item Subscreen, you can set it to C-L, C-D or C-R.
Carry and place with C. This is a new type bomb that can even crawl up walls. Aim well and release it!

Din's Fire
You got Din's Fire! Its fireball engulfs everything! It's attack magic you can use with C.

Deku Nuts Upgrade
Now you can carry many Deku Nuts! You can hold up to 30 nuts!

Big Bomb Bag
You got a Big Bomb Bag!
Now you can carry more Bombs, up to a maximum of 30!

Stone of Agony
You obtained the Stone of Agony! If you equip a Rumble Pak, it will react to nearby... secrets.

Keaton Mask Shop
Keaton stuff is hot, hot, hot!

Keaton Mask
You borrowed a Keaton Mask. Wear it with C to show it off! You'll be a popular guy with this mask on!

Skull Mask Shop
A horned skull mask.

Skull Mask
You borrowed a Skull Mask. Wear it with C to show it off! You feel like a monster while you wear this mask!

Spooky Mask Shop
A sad, wooden mask.

Spooky Mask
You borrowed a Spooky Mask. Wear it with C to show it off! You can scare many people with this mask!

Bunny Hood Shop
With swinging rabbit ears!

Bunny Hood
You borrowed a Bunny Hood. Wear it with C to show it off! The hood's long ears are so cute!

Mask of Truth Shop
Mysterious mask to see into other people's minds.

Mask of Truth
You borrowed a Mask of Truth. Wear it with C to show it off! Show it to many people!

Gerudo Mask Shop
With its charming eyes, it makes a great lady's disguise.

Gerudo Mask
You borrowed a Gerudo Mask. Wear it with C to show it off! This mask will make you look like... a girl?

Zora Mask Shop
You'll look cool while you're swimming if you wear this mask!

Zora Mask
You borrowed a Zora Mask. Wear it with C to show if off! With this mask, you can become one of the Zoras!

Goron Mask Shop
This round face makes you a little happier!

Goron Mask
You borrowed a Goron Mask. Wear it with C to show it off! It will make your head look big, though.

Master Sword
X, isn't that...?!
It's that legendary blade...
The Master Sword!!

Light Medallion
You received the Light Medallion! Rauru the Sage adds his power to yours!

Pocket Egg
You borrowed a Pocket Egg! A pocket Cucco will hatch from it overnight. Be sure to give it back when you are done with it.

Hookshot
You found the Hookshot! It's a sping-loaded chain that you can cast out to hook things.
You can use it to drag distnat items towards you, or you can use it to pull yourself toward something.
While holding C, you can aim with the stick. Shoot it by releasing C.

Goron Tunic
You got a Goron Tunic! This heat-resistant tunic is adult size, so it won't fit a kid... Going to a hot place? No worry!

Double Magic Meter
Your Magic Meter is enhanced!

Bolero of Fire
You have learned the Bolero of Fire!

Zora Tunic
You got a Zora Tunic! This diving suit is adult size, so it won't fit a kid. Wear it, and you won't drown underwater.

Freezzard
Watch out for its freezing breath! Destroy it completely before it revies.
Damage - 1/4 (Damage over time every 2 ticks)

Ice Keese
Destroy it before it flies into you!
Damage - 2/4 + 1/4 (Damage over time every 2 ticks)

Blue Fire
You put a Blue Fire into the bottle! This is a cool flame you can use with C-L, C-D or C-R.

White Wolfos
Lure it close to you and watch its movement carefully! Attack it when it drops its guard!
Damage - 2/4

Iron Boots
You got the Iron Boots! So heavy, you can't run. So heavy, you can't float.

Serenade of Water
You have learned the Serenade of Water!

Small Key
You found a Small Key! This key will open a locked door. You can use it only in this dungeon.

Like Like
An enemy that eats shields and certain clothes. Beat it quickly to get your gear back!
Dasmage - 2/4

Red Bubble
Guard against its attack with your shield!
Damage - 2/4

Torch Slug
When the fire on its back is extinguished, it will run away. Destroy it before it relights!
Damage - 2/4

Flare Dancer
Extinguish its flaming clothes first...
Damage - 1/4

Megaton Hammer
You found the Megaton Hammer! Press C to smash and break junk! It's so heavy, you need to use two hands to swing it!

Volvagia
Subterannean Lava Dragon
It's the Boss of the Fire Temple, revived bu the Evil King. I don't know its weak point...
Damage - 8/4 , Fire breath 4/4 (?)

Fire Medallion
You received the Fire Medallion! Darunia awakens as a Sage and adds his power to yours!

Giant's Knife
You got the Giant's Knife! Hold it with both hands and use B to attack! It's so long, you can't use it with a shield.

Minuet of Forest
You have learned the Minuet of Forest!

Blue Bubble
Guard against its blue flame with your shield!
Damage - 2/4

Stalfos
Lure it close to you and watch its movement carefully! Attack it when it drops its guard!
Damage - 4/4 (Jump attack) - 8/4

Big Deku Baba
Hit it when it lunges at you, and it will stand upright. Cut it quickly to get a Deku Stick!
Damage - 2/4

Floormaster
When it splits up, destroy all the pieces before they reunite!
Damage - 4/4 (Pieces) - 2/4 (Damage over time)

Wallmaster
Watch out for its shadow on the floor. Destroy it before it goes back up to the ceiling!
Damage - 4/4 (Effect: Takes you to entrance of dungeon)

Fairy Bow
You found the Fairy Bow! On the Select Item Subscreen, you can set it to C-L, C-D or C-R.
Press C to take it out and hold it. As you hold down C you can aim with the stick. Release C to let fly with an arrow.

Boss Key
You got the Boss Key! Now you can get inside the chamnber where the Boss lurks.

Joelle
Joelle - one of the Poe sisters
Aim for her when she appears!
Damage - 2/4

Beth
Beth - one of the Poe sisters
Aim for her when she appears!
Damage - 2/4

Green Bubble
Use your sword when its green fire vanishes!
Damage - 2/4

Amy
Amy - one of the Poe sisters
Aim for her when she appears!
Damage - 2/4

Meg
Meg - one of the Poe sisters
If she splits into multiple images, you need to figure out which one is the real one. Is it this one?
Damage - 2/4

Phantom Ganon
Evil spirit from beyond
Attack him when he comes out of one of the pictures! Watch out for the fake one!
Damage - 8/4
Second Phase
It's an evil ghost of the Forst Temple! He comes out of one of the pictures. Answer his magic attack with an attack of your own!
Damage - 4/4

Forest Medallion
You received the Forest Medallion! Saria awakens as a Sage and adds her power to yours!

Spike
Aim for it when it retracts its spikes!
Damage - 2/4

Shell Blade
Its internal muscle is its weak point!
Damage - 2/4

Dark Link
Conquer yourself!
Damage - 2/4

Longshot
You found the Longshot! It's an upgraded Hookshot. It extends twice as far!

Morpha
Giant Aquatic Amoeba
Master of the Water Temple. It has absolute control of water. Pull out its nucleus and attack it!
Damage - 4/4 + Normal hit (Grab + Damage over time - 1/4)

Water Medallion
You received the Water Medallion! Ruto awakens as a Sage and adds her power to yours!

Fire Arrow
You got the Fire Arrow! Set it to C and your arrows will be powered up! IF you hit your target it will catch fire.

Golden Scale
You got the Golden Scale! Jump into the water and press A. Now you can dive much deeper than you could before!

Prelude of Light
You have learned the Prelude of Light!

Nocturne of Shadow
You have learned the Nocturne of Shadow!

Giant's Wallet
You got a Giant's Wallet! What a huge wallet! Now you can carry up to 500 Rupees.

Song of Storms
You've learned the Song of Storms!

Big Quiver
You upgraded your quiver to a Big Quiver! Now you can carry more arrows- 40 in total!

Gibdo
Its gaze will paralyze you. If it bites you, tap any button to escape!
Damage - 2/4 (Damage over time)

Dead Hand
Watch out for its infite hands! Aim for its head!
Damage - 2/4

Lens of Truth
You found the Lens of Truth! Set it to C and press S to look through it! Mysterious things are hidden everywhere!
Be sure to try to use it ouseide of the well. Seeing the truth will cost magic power, so press C again to stop using it.

Hover Boots
You got the Hover Boots! With these mysterious boots you can hover above the ground. The downside? No traction!
You can even use these to walk for short periods where there is no solid ground. Be brave and trust in the boots!

Bongo Bongo
Phantom Shadow Beast
Boss of the Shadow Temple, revived from the well. Look at it with the eye of truth!
Damage - 4/4 (Grab), 2/4 (Damage over time from grab), Horizontal hit - 4/4, Punch 4/4, Body - 12/4

Shadow Medallion
You received the Shadow Medallion! Impa awakens as a Sage and adds her power to yours!

Gerudo Thief
When she drops her guard, attack! If you don't defeat her, you'll be captured!
Damage - 2/4

Gerudo's Membership Card
You obtained the Gerudo's Membership Card! You can get into the Gerudo's training ground in their hideout.

Dinoflos
Use your shield well and fight with Z Targeting techniques!
Damage - 2/4

Ice Arrow
You got the Ice Arrow! Set it to C and your arrows will be powered up! If you hit your target, it will freeze.
This arrow magic is granted only to those who complete the difficult training of the Gerudos, so uses it with pride!

Poe
This Poe doesn't disappear even if you stare at it. It doesn't spook easily, does it...
Damage - 1/4

Leever
Watch its movements closely and let it go by!
Damage - 2/4

Nayru's Love
You got Nayru's Love! Cast this to create a powerful protective barrier. It's defensive magic you can use with C.

Requiem of Spirit
You've learned the Requiem of Spirit!

Silver Gauntlets
You found the Silver Gauntlets! If you wore them, you would feel power in your arms, the power to lift big things with A!
But, these gauntlets won't fit a kid... Plus, you promised to give them to Nabooru. You should keep your word...

Anubis
It's vulnerable to fire!
Damage - 2/4

Iron Knuckle
Watch for its ax attack! It hurts a lot! Stike when it drops its guard!
Damage - 16/4

Mirror Shield
You found the Mirro Shield! The shield's polished surface can reflect light or energy. Press R to use it.

White Bubble
Aim for it when it stops!
Damage - 0

Iron Knuckle
Something's strange... This is not an ordinary enemy!
Damage - 16/4

Twinrova
Sorceress Sisters
Twinrova Kotake
Ganondorf's surrogate mother. Sorceress of Ice. She seems vulnerable to high temperature.
Twinrova Koume
Ganondorf's surrogate mother. Sorceress of Flame. She seems vulnerable to low temperature.
Damage - 8/4 + 1/4 Damage over time
Second Phase
This is the combined form of Kotake and Koume. Turn their magic attack back at them!
Damage - 12/8 + 1/4 Damage over time

Spirit Medallion
You received the Spirit Medallion! Nabooru awakens as a Sage and adds her power to yours!

Light Arrow
You got the Light Arrow! Set it to C and your arrows will be powered up! The light of justice will smite evil!

Pocket Cucco
Look! A chicken hatched from the egg you were incubating! It's the miracle of life!

Cojiro
You returned the Pocket Cucoo and got Cojiro in return! Unlike other Cuccos, Cojiro rarely crows.

Odd Mushroom
You got an Odd Mushroom! A fresh mushroom like this is sure to spoil quickly! Take it to the Kakariko Potion Shop, quickly!

Odd Potion
You received an Odd Potion! You don't konw what's going on between this lady and that guy, but take it to the Lost Woods!

Poacher's Saw
You returned the Odd Potion and got the Poacher's Saw! The young punk guy must have left this behind.

Broken Goron's Sword
You traded the Poacher's Saw for a Broken Goron's Sword! Visit Biggoron to get it repaired!

Prescription
You checked the Borken Goron's Sword and received a Prescription! Go see King Zora!

Eyeball Frog
You used the Prescription and received an Eyeball Frog! Be quick and deliver it to Lake Hylia while it's cold!

Eye Drops
You traded the Eyeball Frog for the World's Finest Eye Drops! Hurry! Take them to Biggoron before they go bad!

Claim Check
The Biggoron's Sword... You got a Claim Check for it! You can't wait for the sword to be completed!

Biggoron's Sword
You handed in the Claim Check and got the Biggoron's Sword! This blade was forged by a master smith and won't break!

Golden Gauntlets
You found the Golden Gauntlets! You can feel even more power coursing through your arms! Grab with A and lift stuff up!

Blue Potion
You got a Blue Potion! Drink it with C to recover you life energy and magic power.

Big Poe
You caught a Big Poe! Sell it at the Ghost Shop for a lot of money!

Defensive Power
Your defensive power is enhanced!
Your defensive power has been enhanced! Damage infilcted by enemies will be reduced by half.

Ganondorf
Great King of Evil
I have no idea what his weak point is!
Damage - Ground Pound - 8/4 - Light Orb - 12/4 - Dark Orb - 20/4

Ganon
I really have no idea what his weak point is!
Damage - 16/4